>>REGINA MEREDITH: A
little while back, I
began a conversation
with Andrea Perron
about the nature of
spirits who interfere
with life in this dimension.
Her story has been made famous,
if not entirely accurate,
in the film "The Conjuring."
Her family endured some of
the most shocking phenomena
on record.
Today Andrea's going to
continue the story with us.
And last time, everyone in
the crew was mesmerized.
I was just I was hardly
doing an interview with you.
I was just kind of
gob-smacked, as they
say in Britain, with
the shocking nature,
and also the profound
nature of the stories.
And before we even get
into the interview,
we were talking off
camera a moment ago.
I know you're getting ready to
do a number of presentations,
but now the phenomena in
your own personal life
has really been ratcheting
up the last couple of weeks.
You shared a couple
things off camera.
So you can share a
little, if you like.
But what do you
think's going on,
as you start becoming more
public with all of this?
>>ANDREA PERRON: Well, I'm not
exactly sure what to think.
I have gone around the
whole country talking about,
of course, ghosts and spirits,
and our story, and the trilogy.
But I've also had other
experiences in my life,
and they began at the farm.
>>REGINA: Yes, and we're going
to get into some of that,
and how these two dovetail.
Absolutely.
>>PERRON: But on my way here, I
had a series of strange events.
And it actually started
a couple of weeks ago.
I got up one morning--
actually, I was up already.
I generally wake up between
3:00 and 3:30 every morning.
Even if I went to bed at
2:00 AM, I'm back up at 3:00.
>>REGINA: Yes.
The witching hour, when
the veils are thin.
>>PERRON: I guess.
Well, I don't believe
there is a veil.
So you know, I
just discount that.
But I do think that that's
when things are most active.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: And so I'm
generally up working.
And it's good for me, too.
Because I continue to write
above and beyond these,
and that's a good, quiet
time in the house for me.
But my sister Christine has
to get up for work at 5:30
in the morning.
So I got up.
I set the coffee,
but didn't make it.
And I was waiting for her.
And her dog Libby
sleeps with her.
So when Chris got up at 5:30,
I went into the kitchen,
and I said, just hit the
button and I'll take Libby out.
And so I grabbed a cigarette.
Don't tell anybody I smoke.
It's my only vice.
>>REGINA: Well, you just said
it to several thousand people--
but OK.
>>PERRON: If you think of
it as nutritious, though,
it's not harmful.
>>REGINA: There you go.
>>PERRON: And so I had my
big, blue, ugly robe on.
And it was very chilly out
that morning in Atlanta.
We live just west of Atlanta,
out in the countryside.
And I said, I'll take Libby out.
And she went down off the
deck, and I lit my cigarette,
and I was standing there.
And the sun wasn't
even up yet, but there
was that light-- that almost,
like, alpha level light--
and I could hear her crunching
around in the leaves.
I knew she was out
doing her business.
Good girl, Libby.
And I lit the
cigarette, and then I
put my lighter down on the glass
top table we have on the deck.
And a moment later,
my cigarette was gone.
And I couldn't--
what, did I drop it?
And so I started looking
around beneath me
on the ground at the deck.
And I looked, and looked,
and it wasn't there.
And I thought,
well, that's so odd.
And then I said, well,
OK, and it's freezing out.
Libby, come.
Come now, Libby.
And this is what always
gets her up the stairs.
Libby, do not make me come
down there and get you.
That gets her up the stairs.
Nothing.
I heard nothing.
So at that point,
I was just a little
on the edge of perturbed.
And I walked back in the house.
I went into the kitchen.
I said, Christine, you're
going to have to go get Libby.
She won't listen to
me, and it's cold out,
and she needs to come in.
And she said, Ann,
she's right here.
And she stepped
aside, and Libby was
sitting there, looking up at
me, like, what's your problem?
And I said, Chris, I didn't
let Libby in the house.
And she said, honey, you
let Libby in the house
about 15 or 20 minutes ago.
I was getting ready to
come get you, because it's
too cold for you to be outside.
And she said, why does your
hair look so much grayer
than it did?
>>REGINA: A few minutes ago.
>>PERRON: A few minutes ago.
And I started to get choked
up, because I realized
something very
profound had happened,
and I didn't know what it was.
>>REGINA: And you
have no recall yet?
>>PERRON: No.
No.
>>REGINA: It was just-- 15
or 20 minutes went missing?
>>PERRON: Went missing.
And that's never happened to me,
in my recollection, in my life.
I've been very significantly
connected on many levels
with spirit and with
extraterrestrial contact.
But I never felt-- people have
asked me over and over again,
have you ever been abducted?
No.
No, not to my-- it seems
to me-- missing time?
No.
And now I can't answer that
question the same way anymore.
>>REGINA: And you're having
experiences and contact
with UFOs.
We're going to get into
that in a little bit.
And in addition, you had
some personal contact.
Because of course, when you
start speaking out publicly
and your story is
made known, it always
attracts interest
from various agencies.
And so you were telling that you
had a bizarre experience flying
out.
>>PERRON: Well, I did.
I had a couple, actually.
Because my sister took
me to the airport,
I needed to fly to San Antonio
and spend a week out there
at the Black Swan
Inn for the Halloween
and the Day of the
Dead festivities.
And when I got to the
airport, a gentleman
came over and helped
with my luggage.
And I pulled out my information,
and I handed him my license.
And he never even
looked at my license,
and he handed me my ticket.
And I thought that
was very strange.
And then he checked my
luggage for me, and I went in.
And nobody seemed to
be checking my ID.
I mean, maybe they-- I don't
know how to explain that.
>>REGINA: They usually do.
I mean, I fly all the time.
They always check ID.
>>PERRON: And then
I was escorted
through a little corridor.
I didn't go through
the scan machine.
I didn't-- my stuff did.
My handbag and my
other stuff did.
And then they took me around it.
>>REGINA: Weird.
>>PERRON: And I picked up
my stuff on the other side.
I'm, like, why am I not getting
TSAed like everyone else?
I didn't understand.
And I went-- got on the
plane, got to San Antonio.
Everything was fine.
And then when JoAnn
Rivera took me
to the airport in San Antonio
to fly here to be with you,
the same thing happened.
>>REGINA: That's bizarre.
>>PERRON: The same
thing happened.
I wasn't scanned.
I was just brought through,
like, an adjunct corridor
and picked up the
rest of my stuff.
And I went and sat at the gate.
I was on an express--
>>REGINA: Did you
have, like, a TSA pre-?
>>PERRON: No.
No.
Not that I know of.
I mean, unless something has
changed, and no one told me.
>>REGINA: OK.
So when you got on the plane--
>>PERRON: So I get on
the plane and there's
about 30 seats available.
It was not a full
flight, which is unusual.
And just as they were
ready to close the door,
a very tall, statuesque,
handsome woman
got on the plane.
And I looked at
her, and I thought,
she looks a little like KD Lang.
You know, she's a
beautiful woman.
And there were seats
available everywhere,
and she sat down
right next to me.
And it was an express flight, so
it's two seats, a corridor, two
seats.
And there were seats
everywhere available.
And so I said, OK, well,
maybe she wants to chat.
So I said hello.
I was very polite.
And I had one of
my books in my lap.
And she saw the dog.
I always-- all the
pictures of my dog
Gracie Pearl on the back.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: And I said, this
is my dog Gracie Pearl.
And she said, oh,
I have dogs, too.
And she told me about her dogs.
And I said, I'm an
author and a lecturer.
And she said, I
know who you are.
I said, well, OK, a lot of
people do recognize me now.
And I introduced myself
officially-- my full name.
But she didn't tell me her name.
And I said, well,
what do you do?
And she turned, looked
me dead in the eye,
and she said, I work for
the federal government.
Well, OK.
>>REGINA: So you
got your warning.
OK, so you know that's
an occupational hazard.
You get into the
weird stuff, you're
going to have a little bit
of a following, so to speak.
>>PERRON: So to speak.
>>REGINA: So you
have a following of--
You have a following
on a number of levels.
And so I guess the
high strangeness--
it continues and will
probably intensify.
And we're going to get into
it, especially where we're
looking at some
of the UFO contact
and such later in this
particular program.
>>PERRON: And it's
important, because I really
do believe there is some
integration-- a point
of integration or correlation.
I don't know what it is yet.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: But it exists.
>>REGINA: It sounds
as though it does.
So one of the things
we never talked about
in the last interview,
although I had a note to do it,
was what happened to
you at Walden Pond?
Which really spawned all of
this, when you were told you,
too, are going to
become a writer.
>>PERRON: Oh, it
was at the farm.
It was at the pond on the farm.
>>REGINA: On your farm.
OK.
>>PERRON: Our farm, yes.
>>REGINA: And so I just
morphed those two into one.
OK.
So what happened?
>>PERRON: Well, you know from
reading the books that we
went out on the property a lot.
We had 200 acres.
Talk about the
ultimate playground.
And we were down at the river,
and then my sister Nancy
said, let's go
fishing at the pond.
Well, she wanted to cut
some cat o'nine tails
around the other side.
And she-- I think
Cindy was with us, too.
And I was just sitting
at the waterfall.
And I closed my
eyes, and I was just
listening to the waterfall.
And I don't know if I even wrote
the whole thing in the book,
but this is actually
what happened.
I was 12 years old.
It was our first spring there.
And I saw myself holding a
book in this vision that I had,
holding a book that
had my name on it.
And I thought, well,
that's very odd.
And I had asked my mother,
right after we moved in,
if she would be so kind
as to get me a journal.
I knew I needed to
start taking notes.
I needed to start
writing down what
I was seeing in that house.
And even though we weren't
really discussing it
with her at that
point, my sisters
were coming to me with
their disclosures.
Mom wasn't sharing anything
that was happening with her.
She didn't want to
frighten us, of course.
And it wasn't until
about five or six months
after we moved there
that everybody--
>>REGINA: Started sharing.
>>PERRON: Yeah.
It was more a spilling of the
guts, is really what it was.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
It was unavoidable.
So let's talk about the nature
of these disincarnate beings
that are in the other realm.
There's so many different
philosophies and speculations
as to what they are, and
for what aspect of a being
is showing itself to you
from those other realms.
>>PERRON: What I have
learned from my experience--
and let me preface this remark
with there is a huge quantum
leap between believing
something which is faith-based
and knowing something.
And I just turned 56, in our
absence between interviews.
And I saw my first full body
apparition at the age 12,
so solid in appearance
that I greeted
him and he did not respond.
>>REGINA: You
thought he was human.
>>PERRON: I thought he was.
And dressed rather
oddly, but human.
And at 56, I still
don't know exactly what
it is that we lived with, shared
space with, and interacted
with on a regular basis.
But I know what it's not.
It was not a figment
of imagination,
it was not an optical illusion,
and it was not mass hysteria.
You know as well as
I do that millions
of people around this planet
have been profoundly touched
by spirit.
And once that door is opened,
it can never be closed again.
You can't unexpand
a consciousness.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>PERRON: So I
don't know exactly,
but I do know that
they retain elements
of their characteristics.
>>REGINA: From the--
>>PERRON: From their life.
>>REGINA: Well, I
mean-- but you wonder,
because some of these beings
were from 100, 200 years ago
and whatnot.
And certainly,
the soul portion--
of course, everybody debates
what that part even is--
must have gone on
and incarnated.
And in fact, it was--
we talked about it
the very end of the last
interview-- you came
to believe, understand, know--
I don't know which one it is,
you can clarify it-- that one
of those beings that was showing
itself to you was you.
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: An aspect of you.
Yet here you are.
This is where it
gets interesting.
>>PERRON: And convoluted.
>>REGINA: And convoluted.
>>REGINA: So what
is left behind?
What continues its journey?
Those beings--
even Bathsheba may
have had two or
three incarnations,
the soul portion that had
occupied her since that time.
How do you view all of that?
>>PERRON: I don't think that you
have a soul, and I have a soul.
And I think there is a soul,
and that we all tap into that.
That we are each a part of it.
And I think that we
are recycled in terms
of coming back and forth--
through to a human existence.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: And that
would explain--
it wasn't just that I saw
her; she reacted to me.
She smiled so sweetly and her
eyes were locked onto mine.
And she let me know that
I had been there before.
And I don't know if
she was residual energy
or if she was in some way,
shape, or form a guardian
to me, but I do know
that she resembled me
in virtually every way.
I mean, from the
cheekbones, to the eyes,
every facial-- all the hair.
I've got thick,
long-- at the time
I was 17 years old-- thick,
long, black, bushy hair.
And she had it all swept up in
a bun on the top of her head,
only it was gray.
>>REGINA: But it was more
what you feel and know.
>>PERRON: I loved
her, and she loved me,
and the connection
was beautiful.
It was sublime.
But I also knew enough
not to tell my family
that I recognized her.
They saw her from the side.
And she was my size.
She was a big, strong woman.
But they didn't see her face.
I'm the only one who did.
And I chose not to share
what I saw with my family,
because I didn't want--
>>REGINA: It's too confusing.
>>PERRON: --any of them to
be burdened by the notion.
But I knew then that
it was most likely
that my family moved to that
farmhouse because of me.
>>REGINA: Mm hm.
>>PERRON: And I'll tell you--
>>REGINA: And you were not
being as negatively impacted
as the others.
>>PERRON: I wasn't at all.
>>REGINA: Did you have
any guilt around that?
That others were going through
these torturous events,
particularly your mother?
>>PERRON: And Cindy.
>>REGINA: And Cindy.
And yeah, we're going to
talk about that in a bit.
>>PERRON: Cindy went through it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, she
went through it.
Did that make you feel
heavy-hearted on some level,
that it could've been because
of you-- that you were all
drawn there for
something about you,
before you've truly
understood this?
>>PERRON: No, not at the time.
Even at that age,
at that tender age,
I understood that whatever it
was that conspired to get us
there had likewise
conspired to keep us there,
and that there was
purpose and reason in it.
My emotion was much
more protective.
I felt guilty going
off to college.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: Because I wasn't
there anymore to oversee.
And we had this thing we
called the "ghost post."
So whenever anything
occurred in the house,
my sisters would write to me.
And I have a whole series
of letters of this happened,
and that happened, and
the other thing happened.
And I felt bad that
I wasn't there.
>>REGINA: Because you were
the eldest of the girls.
>>PERRON: Mm hm.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: And I had gone off to
Pittsburgh in September of '76.
So I was only home
for the summers,
and during-- we had the month
of January off each year.
>>REGINA: And so you felt
they were somewhat vulnerable
without you.
>>PERRON: Yeah.
So I was away from
the house 8 out
of 12 months for the last
four years that we were there.
And that was what
I felt badly about,
because I was now absent
and not someone that they
could come to anymore.
>>REGINA: Mm hm.
You know, on this
topic of the entities
and the nature of
the entities, I
remember years ago listening
to a tape by Abraham.
Esther Hicks was bringing
the Abraham group through.
And they were talking
about the nature
of what happens when John
Edwards and people were
speaking to ghosts in
the other dimension.
And what was said was
that, by your remembrance
and keeping them alive in your
energy field and greater mind,
that it was almost creating,
like, a coalescing factor
to bring them back into some
kind of substantive reality
for communication.
And so-- but that would sound
very different than what
you were talking about.
You weren't conjuring
these beings.
They were there to greet
you when you got there.
>>PERRON: Mm hm.
And they don't come when called.
So it was their decision.
It was an act, apparently,
of free will on their part
when they chose to
communicate with us.
And many of them didn't
communicate at all.
>>REGINA: They just watched.
>>PERRON: Well, they were
oblivious to our existence
completely.
>>REGINA: That's true.
They're in their own dimension.
That would make sense.
>>PERRON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Just as
we normally are
oblivious to them-- most of
us are oblivious to them,
your family had sensitivities--
it would make sense
that they're oblivious to us.
There is a divide between
dimensions, so to speak,
of density.
>>PERRON: And vibration.
>>REGINA: And
vibration, of course.
So they wouldn't know.
So that's what's interesting
is-- that's right,
that they just appeared to
kind of be living their life,
and you were peering in on them.
>>PERRON: Well,
you can't see them.
But they're all
around me right now.
I feel them.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>>PERRON: I know you feel them.
>>REGINA: Oh, I do.
We talked about it
before we started.
>>PERRON: We just
talked about that.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: And some good
energy here in this room.
A lot of nice little
beings in the room.
>>PERRON: Yeah.
And they're very pleased that
I'm here with you, as I am,
as well.
Because I'm telling their story,
and that's what they wanted.
And I will tell you,
Regina, I don't want
to come back to Earth again.
I want this to be it for me.
And part of the reason
that I wrote these books
was, perhaps, this
is my ticket out.
And it's not that
I don't love Earth,
and I don't love all the
mere mortals around me,
but I have said all my
life, I don't belong here.
I am a misfit.
I do not belong here.
Why am I here?
>>REGINA: Well, now
you have your answer.
You got it back when
you were 12 years old--
>>PERRON: Mm hm.
>>REGINA: --when
you saw that book.
It took all those years to
come to terms with all of this
and then put it together and
put it out into the world.
Let's talk about some
of the phenomena.
We talked about a lot of
phenomena in the last one.
We're going to talk
about more right now.
Just a teensy bit in our
third conversation, and more
go into the larger themes
in the third conversation.
>>PERRON: Good.
Because that's really where
I generally reside now
are the big--
People think that we live on a
three-dimensional, five-sensory
planet, and nothing could
be further from the truth.
>>REGINA: It's so
multi-dimensional.
>>PERRON: We live in
a multi-dimensional,
ultra-sensory universe.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: And that's the leap
that humanity needs to take.
And when I'm speaking with
mortal souls who cannot seem
to wrap their minds around
that, and they individualize it
and say, I miss my grandmother.
Can you put me in touch
with my grandmother?
I say, you don't need me.
>>REGINA: Just talk to her.
>>PERRON: Talk to her.
And you will not--
believe me, she
will find a way to communicate
with you that is unmistakable.
You will know it's her.
>>REGINA: OK.
So emotion, love, fear, anger.
OK.
And a lot of what binds is love.
But a lot of what activates
can also be fear and anger.
And I want to talk about
the nature of that.
Because in your
home, as the fighting
was going on,
because this created
such a cut of trust
and tenderness
between your parents.
Your dad couldn't handle it.
He denied it.
Your mother was
disintegrating by the day.
And so there was fighting
going on in the house,
and a lot of things
were activated.
I want to talk about
the nature of what
you feel is going on when
this anger is almost being
used as some kind of fuel.
What are the beings doing?
What are they trying
to demonstrate,
in acting up in those moments?
>>PERRON: I don't know, exactly.
I don't know if they were
trying to stop it from happening
or if they were trying
to be a distraction,
or if it was literally
a manifestation
of the negative energy that was
transpiring between my parents.
The breach was
permanent, as you know.
The chasm became
so wide that there
was no bridge long enough.
My father waited far too
long to actually admit--
he actually did come around
way sooner than he spoke of.
But he was so afraid.
He was the one that
was most fearful.
And couple that when
my father is fearful,
he lashes out in anger.
And so whenever
he was terrified,
it heightened that
expression in him.
>>REGINA: And so what happened
with the beings in the house
when he did this?
>>PERRON: Well,
it fed the beast.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>PERRON: And when Mrs. Warren
came, she said to my parents,
if you two are going to argue,
get out of this house to do it.
Do not do this.
Because if you do,
the ramifications
will fall on the shoulders
of your children.
And she was right about that.
>>REGINA: How did this manifest?
And how might this manifest
in more subtle terms?
Because all of us are surrounded
with other dimensions of beings
all the time--
>>PERRON: Right.
>>REGINA: --with various
intentions and purposes
and all of that.
What might the larger
takeaway message
be in terms of the
quality of emotions
we're putting into our
atmosphere and the effect
on all these others in the
interaction as a result?
>>PERRON: I tell
people all the time,
how you comport yourself
in this life matters
more than you know.
It has ramifications far
beyond your mortal being.
This is just a vessel.
It's all that it is.
We are essentially, I believe--
I know-- we are essentially
spiritual beings.
We're having a temporary
mortal existence.
I don't know if it's because
we're in this vast classroom,
and this is where we come
to learn our lessons so
that we can evolve and
eventually transcend.
I do believe that we are
in the midst of a new age.
And I know that that phrase
gets kicked around a lot,
but it really is true.
We're in a new awareness, what
many spirituallists regard
as the ascension.
My partner George and I do a
show called "World Awakening"
every Tuesday night
on Blog Talk Radio.
And what we talk about is
throwing a pebble in the pond
and watching the concentric
circles go out to the shore,
and touching many, many lives,
and opening people's minds.
And last week I
said, George, I think
I have to go back
and get a boulder.
I do.
Because it's time to wake up.
There's so many
huge issues, and I
know we'll get into that later.
But there's so many important
things that we must address,
or we will perish.
The Earth will go on.
It doesn't necessarily mean
that we have to be on it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>PERRON: So these are the
issues that I address now.
>>REGINA: Well, and
this is the thing.
People who are having contact
with other dimensional beings--
ETs, whatever you want
to call the full spectrum
of other beings that
are not us-- this
is the message that
comes up over and over.
And now this gets
us to the subject
of UFOs and your contact with
not just the craft, perhaps
the beings.
And I want to bridge
this over, even,
into similar stories are
happening all over the planet.
>>PERRON: Yes, they are.
>>REGINA: And the
beings-- whether it's
telepathic or literal-- are
delivering the same message
to all of these
people, who are not
asking for this in their lives.
>>PERRON: Right.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about your own experience
with the UFOs.
>>PERRON: Well, let me again
preface my remarks with,
I used to say everybody--
if one person is psychic,
everyone is psychic.
If one person can be a medium,
everyone has that capacity.
And I have changed my
thinking on that a bit.
I think that we're all
at different levels.
Some of us are more
aware than others.
Some of us, I think, come
to this realm with gifts
that others might not
possess, or are not
even aware of that
they could develop.
And I really have
changed my opinion
about that in recent years.
>>REGINA: May I just
say one thing here?
Because I know
people call it gifts,
as though it's endowed on them.
I don't see it that way.
>>PERRON: What do you see it as?
>>REGINA: I see that
that being has developed
those aspects of self
enough, through time,
that they're demonstrating it.
It's not gifted.
It isn't endemic to
who that being is.
>>PERRON: Well,
and I feel-- and I
agree with you, in
that I feel that it's
intrinsic to my nature.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That's exactly
what I was saying.
>>PERRON: When I was a little
kid I was telepathically
communicating.
I was astral projecting.
I was having-- and that's
where the whole misfit
syndrome was, like, I'm
different than other people.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>PERRON: I am.
And I knew it from
a very young age.
>>REGINA: Well, I
only bring that up
for one reason--
the terminology.
Because there's a disempowering
aspect, in my opinion, to say
it was a gift.
Claim it, own it--
whatever talents any of us
have in any realm of our lives.
>>PERRON: Yeah, I would have
to agree with you about that.
>>REGINA: We have learned
those things somehow.
>>PERRON: We'll change
the semantics of that.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
But go ahead now.
Yes,
>>PERRON: Yeah.
And I knew from a
very young age, well
before we moved to the farm,
that there was something
very different about me.
And I knew that I had a
sense of my own destiny
from a very young age.
I wrote my first book
when I was five years old.
I did my own illustrations,
courtesy of Crayola.
I knew I was supposed
to be a writer.
And I found a hundred
different things
to do in life before I
actually became an author.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: And I know that
that was part of my journey.
All the experiences, all
the people that I met,
everything-- that it had
a cumulative effect on me.
I took it in, I
processed it, and then
I finally was able to focus
on what my purpose was.
And I knew.
>>REGINA: So let's
go back to the UFOs,
because that started early.
>>PERRON: It did.
It started at the
farm, and that's
why I say there's a point of
correlation and integration
now.
I will, and I'm
ashamed to say this,
I really am-- and I'm
sorry that I had not
evolved enough to understand
this earlier-- but I came out
of the closet a
couple of years ago.
I had kept all of
that to myself.
I did not-- and you
know, you've read
these books-- there's nothing
about UFOs in these books.
>>REGINA: No, there's nothing.
>>PERRON: But I was doing an
interview a couple of years
ago for "Mysterious World" TV.
And Devon Belanger
was interviewing me,
and we're two-thirds of the way
through a four-hour interview.
And she turns to
me, and she says,
have you ever had
any experiences
with extraterrestrials?
And I just looked
at her, and then I
looked into one of the cameras.
And I said, I'll tell you, but
you can't use this footage.
And she agreed she wouldn't use
that, but she wanted to know.
And a week before I had had the
most intense encounter that I'd
ever had to date in my life.
And I've had many.
But a being, an entity,
came between myself
and the composer of the music
I use for the background
of my videos.
Sue McVicker had written
a beautiful piece of music
for me called "The
Shadows are High,"
and she called me one day.
She says, let's Skype.
I'm ready to play it for you.
I was, like, great.
And I'm sitting there,
she's at the piano,
and I'm sitting there crying.
The tears are just
pouring out of my eyes,
and I'm humming along, a piece
of music, a composition I
had never heard before.
And I knew every note of it.
And I don't know how I did.
And when she
finished, the screen--
there was horizontal
interference on the screen.
I use Skype all the time.
I'm used to
interference on Skype.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: And I'm
always, it's the spooks.
It's the spooks,
they're doing it again.
>>REGINA: Yes, some weird
stuff happened when you're here
in the studio last time.
But anyway, go ahead.
>>PERRON: It sure did.
Yeah.
Everything I touch
that's technical,
electronic-- it blows
out or something happens.
But this was different.
And I said, Sue.
I could see her.
She seemed at very much
of a distance from me.
And then all of a sudden, I
saw what looked like a cross.
And it looked like
silver or platinum studs.
And it was over the
head of the entity
of this creature, this being.
And the studs went
this way and this way.
And I heard
[TAPPING SOUND]
Like somebody tapping into a
keyboard, but more distinct.
And then all of a sudden,
the head started lifting up.
And I could see behind
him panels of lights.
I knew it was a male,
for some reason.
Panels of lights with colors
I had not seen before.
And I was looking into a ship.
And he raised his
head, and he looked
at me dead in the eye with
two laser light red orb eyes.
Now I've seen
extraterrestrial creatures.
I had not seen one of
these beings before.
His skin was smooth
as a baby's butt.
It was black, black high polish.
It looked like patent leather.
But no texture to
it-- soft, soft.
His face was perfectly oval.
There was no chin, very
thin lips, a small nose.
But these two eyes, and
they latched into mine.
>>REGINA: What happened then?
For about-- and I
don't know how long.
Sue said it was between
a minute and two minutes.
She could see the
back of his head.
He was looking directly at me.
And I was being communicated
with, although he never spoke.
And after, it got so
intense it felt like my-- I
was having a visceral reaction.
I broke out into
a full body sweat.
I felt, like, a trembling,
tremor sensation going on.
I felt like my vibration, my
own frequency was being altered.
And then I started fishing
around for the mouse.
Where's the mouse?
I could not break the stare.
I could not.
>>REGINA: So what were
you getting from it?
What was--
>>PERRON: I wish I knew.
>>REGINA: You don't know.
Maybe I was just being
prepared for what was coming.
But I finally found my mouse
and I disconnected the call.
And I'm sorry to
this day that I did.
But perhaps I was with him as
long as I was supposed to be.
And Sue called me immediately.
She's like, what was that?
And she used some very
colorful language.
>>REGINA: I'll bet.
>>PERRON: I was, like, heaving.
It was so overwhelming to me.
I felt-- and I
wasn't afraid at all.
There was nothing
fear-based about it.
But it was as if
everything changed.
Everything did.
And that happened a week before
I granted that interview.
So I had a story to tell her.
But I made her promise
not to put it out
while she produced the
video, and sent it to me
six months later.
And with it came a note.
She sent it to mean
in a private YouTube.
She said, I need
you to review it.
She had whittled it
down to two hours.
And she said, I need you
to review this, and please
say yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>PERRON: I knew instantly
what was included.
And that was a big
leap of faith for me,
because it went out
all over the world.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: So people now
not only associate me
with the ghosts and
the spirits, they also
know that I am a contactee.
>>REGINA: You told me off
camera you have gone voluntarily
aboard ships to other places.
>>PERRON: I have.
>>REGINA: And can you talk
about a little bit of that?
>>PERRON: Well, one of them--
>>REGINA: Of what
you were shown--
things that might be
relevant to most of us.
>>PERRON: I will tell you
that when I was 17 years old,
and I saw "Close Encounters
of the Third Kind,"
it was so emotionally
impactful--
and Paola Harris will tell you
the same thing-- I sat there,
I was with my two dear
friends Tim and Ray,
and I'm watching this film in
the big theater in Lincoln,
Rhode Island.
And at the end, when the
being comes out of the ship
and opens her arms,
I was, like, let
me crawl into the that screen.
Mom!
I felt such an
overwhelming sense
of belonging to that tall,
white, beautiful being,
and I knew.
We walked out of that theater.
The tears are pouring--
I'm a cry baby, anyway--
but the tears were
pouring off my face.
And Tim and Ray are,
like, are you OK?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>PERRON: Annie, it
was only a movie.
I'm, like, no, you
don't understand.
Everything-- that might as
well have been a documentary.
The only thing that was
different in that film
than reality was that the
exchange didn't happen
at Devils Tower, Wyoming.
It happened northwest
of Las Vegas
at a military Air Force
base, at an air installation.
But everything in that film,
according to Paul Hellyer,
is absolutely accurate.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: And that's part
of the priming of the pump.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
It's preparing people to
understand this is real.
This is going to be occurring
in your future, as time goes on.
So how did you originally
start coming into contact
with the UFOs?
>>PERRON: When I was 13 years
old, we'd only been at the farm
a year.
It was our first summer there.
I don't know why, but I was out
in the middle of the front yard
at the farm.
And there are three very large
evergreen trees out there,
and a very expansive yard.
It was a bright blue Canadian
sky that day in Rhode Island.
You know what I'm talking about.
So blue it almost
hurts to look at it.
And I was just looking around,
and it was so beautiful.
And it was getting
toward sunset,
and it was so warm and lovely.
And all of a sudden,
I felt like there
was something moving around me.
And I looked down, and
there was nothing around me.
And then I looked
back up at the sky,
and it was filled-- it looked
like God had poured out
the biggest bag of cotton balls
you could ever imagine out
into the sky.
Just puffy,
weird-looking clouds.
And the sun was
setting behind me,
and they had colors of
rainbows through them.
Just-- I can't really explain.
It was just-- they were golden,
and they were mauve, and pink,
and lovely, beautiful sky.
And then, all of a sudden,
it started getting dark.
And being a flexible
young lady, I
was able to lift my
head all the way back.
And over my head,
I saw the point
of a vehicle coming
over my head.
And it was not that far up.
It was pretty low.
>>REGINA: What was
the shape of it?
>>PERRON: It came to a point.
And then as it came out, it
rounded around to the side,
to the back.
And then it had a flat back.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>PERRON: And it was surrounded
by a number of smaller
vehicles-- much smaller.
And each one of them was a
perfect geometrical form.
Whether it was a
perfect circle, octagon,
pentagon-- there were some
that looked like rectangles,
only angled.
It was like a math class
was passing over my head.
And not a sound.
But not only did this flotilla
of ships not make a sound,
nature went silent.
Even the birds were silent.
Everything was
completely silent,
and I could hear this kind
of odd buzzing in my ears.
>>REGINA: Were you
there by yourself?
>>PERRON: And that's
the weirdest thing
of all, because I was
never alone at the farm.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>PERRON: There were always
kids everywhere, and activity,
and animals, and all kinds
of activity all the time.
And I was standing alone,
and I thought, maybe
I'm supposed to see this.
And it wasn't
until decades later
that I realized, through
numerous other reports,
that many people
saw that flotilla.
And after, it went as far
south on the Eastern Seaboard
as, like, southern
Jersey, or Maryland.
And then it crossed
over the Atlantic Ocean,
went into Western Europe.
And when it went
over the UK, they
started scrambling
their Air Force.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>PERRON: And it took
a hard right turn
and disappeared, up
over the Arctic Circle.
>>REGINA: So what did
it leave you with,
as a 13-year-old witnessing
this for the first time?
And you had another phenomena
going on around you, obviously.
>>PERRON: When Steve Jobs died,
his last words were, "Wow,
wow, wow."
That was my reaction.
>>REGINA: Wow.
Wow.
OK.
Now let's go back to the farm.
Let's go back to the
house a little bit.
I wanted to bring up, at
some point-- Ann Andrews.
I interviewed her in
England, from Lincolnshire.
And her son Jason
is also a contactee,
but had these strange
experiences in the house.
I mean, people who have
seen that interview--
the house just starts shaking.
And he goes into
an altered state
and starts reciting digital
code, literally-- binary code.
And his parents are,
what is happening?
And then later, over the years,
finding out he had been taken.
He was a contactee
throughout his whole life.
And the phenomenon that
was happening in the house,
they were attributing to ghosts.
But actually it was this
inter-dimensional contact
from another species of beings.
So now-- yes, go ahead.
>>PERRON: Let me ask you this.
When you go to symposiums
like I attend--
I'm going to Laughlin next
weekend with Paola-- if you go
into that room of people,
and you say, how many of you
are first-born?
Watch how many hands go up.
How many have blue
or green eyes?
Watch how many hands go up.
How many of you have the
Rh negative blood factor?
Watch how many hands go up.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
Well, I assume you will do
that when you get there.
I'll leave that to you.
>>PERRON: And that falls into
my category-- first-born,
Rh negative blood
factor, blue eyes.
And everybody in my family
has it, except my father.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
OK.
Now let's talk about a
deeper kind of interface.
And this is one that
frightens people.
It terrified you at the time.
Your sister in this was Cindy.
Was this-- no, this was
Cindy witnessing something
that happened to Chris.
I have to keep all
the girls straight.
>>PERRON: Yes, I know exactly
what you're talking about.
>>REGINA: Now I
couldn't quite fathom
going through what Cindy
went through, in witnessing
this in her own sister.
And I want you to share
what that event was.
And then now, after all those
years, what you perceive
was happening.
>>PERRON: Christine
never spoke about that
and has no recollection of it.
Cindy was laying in
the bed next to her,
and she heard moaning,
almost a crying out.
She turned over, and
she looked at Chris,
and she saw activity
under her skin, what
looked as if
something in her face
was literally trying to
transform her or protrude
through the skin.
>>REGINA: Like something
crawling under,
moving under the skin.
>>PERRON: And Chris was moaning.
It was obviously painful to her.
Cindy was trying to wake
her up, and could not,
and was so terrified that
she ran downstairs and told
my mother.
And my mother sent
my father upstairs.
Cindy thought that
Chris had perished.
She seemed in so much pain.
>>REGINA: But her
eyes-- in her eyes.
>>PERRON: Her eyes
were black, vacant.
She opened her eyes, and that's
what bolted Cindy out of bed
and sent her downstairs into the
kitchen, hunting a parent down.
And my mother got
very alarmed, and she
said, Roger, go get Chris.
And he went upstairs
and he found Christine.
And she was-- he had to wake
her up, but she appeared fine.
And when he escorted her
down into the kitchen,
my mother said it looked
like she had aged 100 years.
She was just a child,
but she looked ancient.
And my father was
very upset, because we
had electric blankets
that he had bought for us.
And when he went upstairs,
he saw that the blankets
were burned-- the outside edge.
>>REGINA: This fire thing
seems to appear repeatedly
throughout the family history.
>>PERRON: And what's a
mother's greatest fear,
than to think her children
are burning alive in bed?
>>REGINA: Right.
And so this was really,
again-- this whole thing
with your mother.
I mean, it would make sense
that your mother would
have been in a most-- that you
said your father was earlier--
the greatest amount of fear.
Because she was fearing
for her children
as their guardian and protector.
And your father was away most
the time, it sounds like.
And so she's the
one that, even more
so-- finish that story, though.
What happened?
I mean, Christine
ultimately woke up.
>>PERRON: Yeah, she woke up,
and she sat very quietly.
>>REGINA: All her energy and
her features returned to normal?
>>PERRON: Yes, they did.
And she just sat there
and ate a bowl of oatmeal.
But she was exhausted.
It was as though she didn't
actually really wake up.
I mean, her head was
literally falling
into the bowl of oatmeal.
All the energy had
been drained from her.
That's what they did.
I mean, think of
five little girls
moving into that farmhouse.
We were just a constant
source of energy.
They didn't have to drain it
from the electrical system.
They had us.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
But we're going to get
into that talk later--
the whole electrical
nature of all of this.
Because they did drain
from the house, as well.
And then your mother was
undergoing these attacks
more often, it sounds like.
>>PERRON: No, not very often.
Cindy was the one that
was being drained.
>>REGINA: More than your mother?
>>PERRON: Yeah.
In fact, I believe it's in the
first book, the chapter called
"Contact."
And that was the first
physical contact that occurred.
The bus was waiting.
We were all heading out.
Cindy had forgotten her
books on my staircase,
coming downstairs.
And she ran through the
kitchen, not thinking anything
but I need to get
out to the bus.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>PERRON: And something
came through the cellar door
and began to manifest.
It was extremely cold.
And when she ran into it, it
literally knocked her back
and took her breath away.
And that was her first physical
contact with an entity,
or some type of
manifestation, apparition.
It wasn't even
really an apparition.
It was more like a ball of fog.
And she ran, and
got her books off
of what was our shared staircase
up to the middle bedroom,
as well as my own, and ran out
to the bus, and got on the bus.
And she just seemed,
like, lethargic.
Like, all of a sudden, my
little ball of energy sister
was just wiped out.
>>REGINA: So constantly energy--
>>PERRON: They had
to come get her.
Mom had to come get her
an hour later from school,
and she slept for
24 hours straight.
>>REGINA: I remember that story.
Yes.
And your mother was
becoming weaker and weaker--
>>PERRON: Weaker and weaker.
>>REGINA: --as time goes on.
And there was one
event-- smoke appearing.
Your mother finally screaming
out, asking for help,
seemed to stop these things.
>>PERRON: There were two
major incidents around that.
One chapter, "Smoke
and Mirrors"-- Mom
had closed up the
fireplace for the evening.
She went to bed.
She was home alone that night.
Dad was on the road.
He was a jewelry salesman.
He was out.
Not a truck driver, as it
was referred to in the film.
And she got into bed, got under
the quilt. And all of a sudden,
she saw what looked
like fireworks popping
all over on the
dresser top, and she
could see the reflection
of it in the mirror.
And she got really
afraid, because she
had a quilt that was a
lace top and lace curtains.
And these sparks were
just flying everywhere.
Sparks everywhere.
And she sat up in bed, and
looked out, thinking perhaps
it was a reflection-- the fire
had rekindled in the fireplace,
and she was seeing
a reflection of it.
But it was actually
more like a fireball
that was exploding
all over her room.
But it was centered
on the dresser top.
And--
>>REGINA: And were
there incidences
where the whole room
is filling with smoke,
flames seemed to be
flickering up around?
>>PERRON: Yes, and
that was part of it.
The whole room
filled with smoke.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: And she thought
they were going up in flames.
But she did not know
what was causing this.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: There was
no sign of-- she
said it looked like
a fireball that
was exploding on the dresser.
But it was shooting, and
it was hitting the quilt,
it was hitting the curtains.
And yet when it stopped, there
were no signs of it at all.
It was gone.
There was nothing.
>>REGINA: And didn't she--
hadn't she started resorting
to using prayer, in
just calling in--
>>PERRON: God help me.
>>REGINA: God help
me, and it stopped.
>>PERRON: Mm hm.
>>REGINA: Now this was happening
with other people, too.
>>PERRON: Everyone
in the family.
>>REGINA: We need
to talk about that.
Yeah.
>>PERRON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So here you have
these entities behaving badly,
creating phenomena that is
beyond our comprehension
in the physical
third-dimensional reality,
as far as you could
see-- as far as what
you thought was going on.
And yet all it took
was, God help me.
>>PERRON: It's all it took.
But you had to mean it.
Because I'll tell
you, when Mrs. Warren
came to the house, when Ed
and Lorraine were there,
she was very specific.
He was very concerned
about our welfare.
He knew how vulnerable
young children were.
>>REGINA: And they were
stealing-- these entities were
stealing your energy.
They were aging your
mother at a very rapid rate
>>PERRON: And us.
>>REGINA: And aging you.
I mean, they were having
physical impacts on your lives.
>>PERRON: Yes.
Yes, they were.
>>REGINA: And you
were in danger.
>>PERRON: We were.
And I didn't think
of it that way,
because I was never attacked.
I was, like, the
appointed observer.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>PERRON: My fear and concern
was for my other family
members, but not for me.
I knew they were never
going to bother or hurt me.
I knew it.
>>REGINA: So when
the Warrens came,
and they saw this situation--
>>PERRON: Mrs. Warren
said to all of us--
she gathered all of us together.
And she rarely spoke to us.
She really spent most of her
time talking to my mother.
And my father wanted nothing
to do with either one of them.
But she told us, gathered
us together in the kitchen.
And she said, girls
this is what you
need to do to protect
yourselves selves in this house.
What you say is, "In the
name of Jesus Christ,
go back to where you came from.
Leave us in peace."
And she made us say it
over and over again.
And then when things
would happen, we'd say it.
But it meant nothing,
because we didn't mean it.
We were just reciting
something that we'd memorized.
But when things got
to a point of crisis,
and you felt like
you had no choice,
I never had to resort to it.
It was nothing that
ever happened to me.
But when my mother or
Cindy, particularly,
were in absolute crisis, "God
help me" is what stopped it.
And it had to come
from the core, knowing,
believing that
there was something
more powerful than
what was happening,
that could circumvent
it, or stop it dead.
And it did every single time.
>>REGINA: I mean,
that's fascinating
when all the people watching
this-- there are times things
happen in life where
you're so helpless,
you don't know what else to do.
And how many times do people
yell out, "God help me"?
But you're saying
the help always came.
>>PERRON: Always.
>>REGINA: So it's always there.
>>PERRON: It's always there.
>>REGINA: The point is it's
always there for everyone.
You don't have to be
in this situation.
>>PERRON: My mom, too,
in the torches incident.
>>REGINA: Yes.
My God.
>>PERRON: That was the one
that was really from my mom.
She has no recollection
of the seance at all.
So in terms-- I can
tell you that story
>>REGINA: I think we're going
to talk about that a little
bit later-- the seance story.
We're going to open with that.
But your mom kept
having fire issues
her slippers would catch fire.
She lost all her energy.
She was freezing.
>>PERRON: She collapsed
into the fire.
>>REGINA: Collapsed
Fire was everywhere.
Your house caught
fire three times.
>>PERRON: Three times the
house caught fire, and should
have burned to the
ground all three times.
>>REGINA: And your mom kept
catching fire, so to speak.
>>PERRON: And my mom
kept catching fire.
And then the night that
she woke up-- and remember,
the clock always
stopped at 5:15.
My father's wall banjo
clock stopped at 5:15 AM.
And that's when the
manifestations would occur.
I don't know why.
I wish I could
answer that for you.
But that was the time.
5:15 AM is when it stopped.
That's also the time
that her brother died,
and her sister died.
My mother's family
that has passed.
It's a very poignant
and powerful message,
but we don't know what it is.
But what happened was
my mother woke up.
My father was
sleeping beside her.
He was again--
>>REGINA: Dead to the world--
>>PERRON: --not among
the living, apparently.
And every spirit
in the house was
gathered in my mother's room.
Many of them that
she recognized,
and others that she did not.
The room was full.
They were all around
the bottom of her bed.
And they had torches--
wooden torches.
And there was fire
on the top of them,
like you would see going after
Vlad the Impaler, or something.
I mean, bizarre.
And they're banging them,
banging them on the floor.
The whole house is vibrating.
And they're doing it in
syncopation, over and over
and over again, in
rhythm, staccato rhythm.
And then this one entity again
comes out from the crowd.
And she walks around,
and she leans down
as if she's going
to kiss my father.
>>REGINA: This was the
same Mrs. Arnold, we think.
The one with the broken
neck and the cobwebby face.
>>PERRON: And we'll
never know, really.
We'll never know.
But most likely her.
And then she came around to
the other side of the bed,
and started coming
toward my mother.
And that's when she started
with the incantation.
And my mother remembers
looking-- oh, there
were children in the
room and everything.
>>REGINA: Show the incantation.
>>PERRON: Well, I don't--
>>REGINA: It was
something about, I will--
>>PERRON: It started with,
"'Twas mistress once afore ye
came, and mistress
here will be anon.
Will drive ye out
with fiery broom,
will drive ye mad
with death and gloom."
It went on, and on, and on.
>>REGINA: I got chills.
These were all death threats.
>>PERRON: And I don't
have it memorized,
because I don't want
to memorize it--
if that that makes any sense.
>>REGINA: It's enough.
That gives people an idea.
>>PERRON: But it came
out through-- my mother
wrote it down after
the incident was over.
And then she was
hypnotized later,
and we got the whole thing.
She won't ever be
hypnotized again.
That was very traumatic.
You know, if people
don't want to believe it,
they don't have to.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>PERRON: She's got
nothing to prove.
Bless her heart, she's been
to Hell and back already.
She just turned 75, and we're
all about celebrating the light
and walking away from
the darkness now.
>>REGINA: When she had
problems during all of this--
and we're going
to be wrapping up
this part of our conversation
in a little bit--
but your mother's identity
started slipping away.
>>PERRON: It did.
She began dressing
in vintage clothing.
She was what I think Mr.
and Mrs. Warren accurately
described as oppression.
There was a spirit that
perceived herself--
it was not Bathsheba.
That language was already
archaic in the 1800s.
That was 1700s language.
Bathsheba lived
between 1812 and 1885,
and died a very old,
miserable woman.
I'm not saying she was
a very pleasant spirit,
but she was not the one that
was tormenting my mother.
The one that was,
whoever she was,
perceived herself to be
mistress of the house.
And she wanted my
mother out of there.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>PERRON: And she wanted--
coveted us, the children,
and had an overt
attraction to my father.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>PERRON: And
interestingly, he befriended
the one that hated my mother.
The psychologists have
a great time with that.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I bet they do.
>>PERRON: And my
perception of it
is that she couldn't get
rid of my mother the way
she wanted to leave
her, so instead
began to try to claim
her from within.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And my mother is a
very strong woman.
So she was a very powerful
entity and, to this day,
still is.
>>REGINA: She's still around?
>>PERRON: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: Is she still
bothering your mother?
>>PERRON: No.
>>REGINA: No.
>>REGINA: Where is she, when
you say she's still around?
Who is she still around?
>>PERRON: Me.
>>REGINA: Mm.
And Bathsheba, too, follows
me around like a puppy dog.
I can't tell you
how many photographs
have been taken of me with
a woman, an older woman--
>>REGINA: But they
don't bother you.
>>PERRON: --standing
right behind me.
No, they love me.
>>REGINA: They don't bother you.
And the thing is--
>>PERRON: I told their story.
>>REGINA: Yes, you did.
And your mother
had a dear friend
named Fran, who was a light.
She was a light.
And these entities would
tend to follow people home.
I mean, they'd go in
their car with them.
And if they'd been
visiting your house--
>>PERRON: Kathy, Jerry, Fran--
>>REGINA: But no one ever
really bothered Fran.
They wouldn't dare.
>>PERRON: No.
>>REGINA: And you said it
was because-- in the book,
it was said it was because
she was so pure of spirit.
Nothing could penetrate that.
>>PERRON: Nothing
could permeate it.
Nothing.
>>REGINA: There was no fear.
>>PERRON: No.
>>REGINA: So is fear the bridge?
>>PERRON: I think fear is fuel.
Fear and anger is fuel for them.
There's an old Indian saying,
"Burn your fear as fuel."
And it's in one
of the books-- one
of the quotations in the books.
I think fear is the
most destructive emotion
that we have.
It serves its purpose
well when we couple it
with instinct and
intuition, and something
tells us don't go down that
alley, don't get in that car.
Don't do this, don't do that.
But when we relinquish
our own will to it,
when it dictates what we do
not or do experience in life,
then it's destructive.
And from the way
that I processed,
as a precocious 12-year-old
when I saw my first apparition,
was there is something,
there is something else.
>>REGINA: So to you it
was a world of wonder.
And--
>>PERRON: It was hopeful.
>>REGINA: And it was hopeful.
But not to your mother.
>>PERRON: I never wanted to
think that it was just ashes
to ashes, dust to dust--
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>PERRON: --and that
everything that we accumulate
in life in terms of our sharing
of emotions with other people
and animals-- the love, the
tenderness that we share,
and how we embrace each
other in this life.
And all that we take in-- every
book we read, every movie we
see, everything that
we feed into this mind.
Not the brain, but the mind--
separate and distinct entities.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: --is
lost at our death.
It's just gone.
And it's not.
>>REGINA: So for you
this was positive.
It was hopeful.
>>PERRON: It was.
>>REGINA: For your
mother it was,
what is going to
happen to my family?
She let fear rule her life--
>>PERRON: She did.
>>REGINA: --and it
created a bridge.
>>PERRON: She got the door in.
That was the door in.
And I'll tell you-- and
I'll do this quickly.
I know we're
running out of time.
But I will tell you where
her point of epiphany
came-- was the night that
she got up at 11:00 at night.
I was doing my homework.
She got up, and she
said, I'm hungry.
It was, like, oh, yeah-- but
she actually wants to eat!
And so I walked from the parlor,
through the completely closed,
shut down dining
room, into the front--
>>REGINA: Dogs wouldn't
enter certain rooms.
>>PERRON: Yeah.
They wouldn't even go near the
cellar door-- into the kitchen,
into the pantry.
And of course, before the days
of microwaves or anything else,
I had to warm up the beef stew
that I had made for the girls.
I'd become the third
parent at that point.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Your mother was dysfunctional.
>>PERRON: Mm hm.
And I said, give
me a few minutes.
The last thing she
said to me is, honey,
make me pot of coffee.
I'm like, Mom, it's
11:00 at night.
She said, it's the
nectar of the gods.
I said, well, OK-- I'll
make you some coffee.
I'll warm up the beef stew.
In my absence while I was at
least 100 feet away from her
in the house she reached
over into the wood box,
she pulled a log
out, she threw it
into the fire-- last
log of the night-- put
the screen up in front of it.
She heard a sound
behind her-- laughter.
And she turned around,
and the dining room
was completely lighted
with lamplight, oil lamps,
and candles.
There were two men
sitting at a table that
was not our own-- hand-hewn oak
table, benches on both sides.
The woman was standing, cooking
in front of the fireplace--
a fireplace that had been
closed well more than a century,
sealed solid shut.
There were two little kids
running around-- two or three,
running around, and
Mom saying, go, sit,
take your seats at the table.
Now this was-- they
had pewter steins.
And pewter steins weren't
even used in the 1800s.
They realized they were
dangerous, because of the lead.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: So it had to
have been in the 1700s.
She looked at this family having
dinner together in our dining
room from 200 years before
and she just stared at them.
And one of the men
turned his head,
and he looked into the parlor.
And he made eye
contact with my mother,
and nudged the man beside
him, and pointed her out
to his companion.
And my mother was the ghost.
And that's when she
realized that she lived
in a portal cleverly
disguised as a farmhouse
and that not only was there
a way to look into the past,
there was also a way for
them to look into the future.
And that we were living
in multiple dimensions
simultaneously--
>>REGINA: I have chills.
>>PERRON: --and that's
when she came back.
>>REGINA: Oh, my God.
What-- OK.
All right.
We are out of time.
There are hardly words here,
but what an incredible thing
your family went through.
We're going to
continue this story.
And you're such an amazingly
phenomenal person that
was chosen to share this story.
>>PERRON: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Thank you
so much, Andrea.
We will continue
this conversation
in our next interview on the
topic of the deeper impacts
of inter-dimensional contact.
You can find
Andrea's book titled
"House of Darkness,
House of Light,"
through major booksellers.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.